stock_owner_restriction/README.rst, before:

=======================
Stock Owner Restriction
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:4accd91c080dc85d6384fdd88732d407c8e2104b45345593a3036593f57bbb53
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/16.0/stock_owner_restriction
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0-stock_owner_restriction
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of stock module to allow restriction
of product quantities (quants) for stock operations such as reserve quantities
or product quantity available info.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module you need to:

#. Make sure to select the consignment option in inventory settings by going
   to *Inventory > Configuration > Settings* and ticking *Consignment* under
   *Traceability*.
#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operation Types*.
#. Select an operation type, or create a new one, and set *Owner Restriction*
   field to the desired value.

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

**To establish an owner to the merchandise you need to:**

#. Go to *Inventory > Overview*
#. Create a incoming delivery order.
#. Set an owner.

**The stock with owner assigned is not available in products:**

#. Go to *Inventory > Master Data > Products*
#. Search any product which is in incoming delivery order created in previos step.
#. The quantity on hand has not take into account the incoming quanities with
   a owner assigned.

**Use cases:**

#. *Odoo standard behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Standard behavior" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** All product stock is available to delivery it.

#. *Unassigned owner behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Unassigned owner" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** Only product stock without owner assigned is available to delivery it.

#. *Picking partner behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Picking partner" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** Only product stock with owner assigned is available to delivery it.

    ** The owner is get from picking owner field or picking partner field.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_owner_restriction%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

    * Carlos Dauden
    * Sergio Teruel
    * César A. Sánchez
    * Luis D. Lafaurie

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/16.0/stock_owner_restriction>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] stock_owner_restriction: Wrong qty available computation for owner and product at the same time.

stock_owner_restriction/README.rst, after:

=======================
Stock Owner Restriction
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:885d32742bfef03a27c8c9373bfecefea44e5758c69cc6f525399e7aa025751b
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/16.0/stock_owner_restriction
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0/stock-logistics-workflow-16-0-stock_owner_restriction
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of stock module to allow restriction
of product quantities (quants) for stock operations such as reserve quantities
or product quantity available info.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module you need to:

#. Make sure to select the consignment option in inventory settings by going
   to *Inventory > Configuration > Settings* and ticking *Consignment* under
   *Traceability*.
#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operation Types*.
#. Select an operation type, or create a new one, and set *Owner Restriction*
   field to the desired value.

Developers notes

This module update the context dependency of product quantity available to be computed
correctly. If you need get product quantity available for an owner yo need set the
context key "force_restricted_owner_id".

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

**To establish an owner to the merchandise you need to:**

#. Go to *Inventory > Overview*
#. Create a incoming delivery order.
#. Set an owner.

**The stock with owner assigned is not available in products:**

#. Go to *Inventory > Master Data > Products*
#. Search any product which is in incoming delivery order created in previos step.
#. The quantity on hand has not take into account the incoming quanities with
   a owner assigned.

**Use cases:**

#. *Odoo standard behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Standard behavior" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** All product stock is available to delivery it.

#. *Unassigned owner behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Unassigned owner" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** Only product stock without owner assigned is available to delivery it.

#. *Picking partner behavior.*

    In picking operation type set "Picking partner" value in "Owner restriction" field.

    ** Only product stock with owner assigned is available to delivery it.

    ** The owner is get from picking owner field or picking partner field.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_owner_restriction%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

    * Carlos Dauden
    * Sergio Teruel
    * César A. Sánchez
    * Luis D. Lafaurie

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/16.0/stock_owner_restriction>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
